# 3-Days-Great-Wall-Hiking

> * Website: www.cnadventure.com
> * Email: [assistant@cnadventure.com](mailto:assistant@cnadventure.com)

## Trip Overview
The Great Wall is the universal symbol of China. Starting from the eastern Shanhaiguan Pass, and ending at the Jiayuguan Pass in the west, the Great Wall fully merits its designation as a wonder of the world. This 3-day Great Wall trek route is carefully designed for the Great Wall enthusiast who would like to experience the best parts of the eastern Wall, but has only limited time. This excursion covers different areas of the “Wild Wall” fairly close to Beijing. As a special opportunity offered to Great Wall hiking enthusiasts, this excursion will transverse the best hiking sections of the Gubeikou, Jianshanling, Simatai, Jiankou, and Mutianyu Great Wall.

## Day 1 Beijing > Gubeikou > Jinshanling (LD; 10km, 5hrs)
After an early pick-up from your hotel, we will transfer directly by safe van to the Gubeikou section of the Great Wall, where our 3-day hiking adventure will begin. The panoramic view is wonderful – partway along the hike, if the weather is clear, we will be able to see all the way to the Miyun reservoir and the Wangjing Tower in the Simatai Section. Along the way, we pass a military area where hiking on that area of the Wall is prohibited. We will bypass this area by walking first to an interesting village nearby, and then rejoining the Wall in the Jinshanling section further on. For our first night, we will be transferred to Gubei Watertown, a rare combo of Great Wall, Mountains, Lakes and old villages. Stay in a boutique hotel inside the Watertown.

## Day 2 Gubei Watertown & Simatai Great Wall
This morning, we will have a leisure time in a newly built water town. The town is situated in Gubei Township of Miyun County northeast of Beijing, hence the name of Gubei Water Town. It has a charming location with a massive backdrop of the world famous Simatai Great Wall, accompany of the romantic Yuanyang Lake (Mandarin Duck) and the ancient Simatai Village that was developed from Simatai Castle built during the reign of Emperor Wanli (1573 -1620) in Ming Dynasty ( 1368 – 1644 ). After that, we will do a 3hrs round hike on the spectacular Simatai Great Wall (from No. 2 tower to No. 10 tower takes 2hrs, back to the bottom takes 1 hour). The Simatai Great Wall lies beside Gubeikou Town. The wall is celebrated for its steepness, queerness and intactness. Constructed under the supervision of Qi Jiguang, a famous general in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), it is the only part that still has the original appearance of the Ming Dynasty. In the late afternoon, we will drive to the village near Jiankou where our third day hiking starts. Overnight at a local guesthouse. 

## Day 3 Jiankou > Mutianyu
Today we will spend the day on the Jiankou and Mutianyu section of the Wall. We will take a small mountain trail behind one of the villagers’ houses straight up to the wall. This part takes about one hour, and it is not that easy, but it allows you to imagine how the invaders felt, creeping upwards in the fog, the huge wall emerging directly above them, the guards on duty still-unaware, having their tea. When we get to the top, you will find the effort worth it - there is a deserted watch-tower right where we emerge onto the Wall, from which you will have a panoramic view of the whole valley, of the Great Wall village below, and of the wall itself, snaking and disappearing over the mountain crest. This is a great place to catch your breath and take pictures.
The hike along the wall will take about 4 hours, and it is unlikely you will meet any other tourists along the first half of the way. There are areas of disrepair to be navigated with care. The view from the top is stunning! What a change, emerging from the peaceful, authentic section of the Wall, so full of history, onto the restored portion of the Wall at Mutianyu, full of tourists! At the end of the hike, transfer back to downtown Beijing. End of tour.
